XMLHttpRequest 5 readyStates - 
        0	UNSENT	Client has been created. open() not called yet.
        1	OPENED	open() has been called.
        2	HEADERS_RECEIVED	send() has been called, and headers and status are available.
        3	LOADING	Downloading; responseText holds partial data.
        4	DONE	The operation is complete.
        
Immutable/mutable javascript types.
Default JS data type of var str = "string"
Preflight request - headers matching check.

call, apply, bind in Javascript
Mixins in javascript ==> achieving multiple inheritance.
Prototype in Javascript.
Promise/callback in javascript
Constructors in javascript.
Closures
Angular/Backbone MVC or MVVM, Why Angular -->
this in javascript
Hoisting in Javascript
How to clear arrays in javascript.
Drawback of private methods in Javascript.
is null object in Javascript.
objectA = objectB, what is result of objectA.objectBvariable? both same to same reference.
use strict mode in Javascript.
Design patterns in Javascript.
How to pass Array as pass by value to function? yourArray.slice(0) will pass copy not reference of array.

ECMA6 (June 2015)
classes in javascript
Arrow functions


What datatypes are supported in Javascript?
Undefined
Number
String
Boolean
Object
Function
Null

Explain the meaning of  the keyword ‘this’ in JavaScript functions
The keyword ‘this’ in JavaScript refers to the object that a function is a method of. If it’s not specified, it will default to the global object, the window.
In the example below, you can see that ‘this’ refers to the box object when it is applied to the width function. When no object is passed in, 
it will default to the browser window.

CSS
---

Pseduo Classes in CSS.
after and before in CSS.
Attribute selector in CSS.
What is Mixins in LESS.
float left in Bootstrap --> pull-left.
3 same classes having difference color in each class, which color will apply to element when all classes are added to element.
CSS inline, id, class priority order.
